#Summary This page is about Meetings with Staff Members(Faculty,Admin Staff)
=Meetings=
==Minutes of Meeting with Dr.Debajyoti==
Make the application as a Google App which is not only operable from the app but also through E-mail i.e. if someone replies as Approved in e-mail den it should also be reflected in the app and if there is some update to the request then it should also be conveyed through e-mail.
(This meeting was done by Soumya and Deepanker)

==Meeting With Registrar==
=== Introduction ===

Minutes of meeting with Registar - Ashwani Sir

==== Details ====

1)The administration has no concerns/apprehensions about digitizing the current manual process 

2)Additional features for management needed : 
    i)Report generation
 
    ii)Pending Requests Status feature

    iii)Record times for completion and closure of request

    iv)How many requests received should be recorded

    v)Additional features that can be included - leave form, local travel  

3)A mechanism to know that the form has actually been authorized by the previous person before it has reached next person in the process , should be there .
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Process Document provided by Mr.Ashwani Kansal (Registrar- IIITD) can be downloaded [http://cse300-group4.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Process%20Document%202-01-0211.docx here]. The meeting was done by Abhishek and Akshay Gupta